Reshuffle sentences in Ghost user discussion for better flow (#171)
mlswg/mls-architecture: draft-ietf-mls-architecture.md

#### Authentication compromise: Ghost users and impersonations

One important feature of MLS is that all

> Members know which other clients are in the group at all times. If all Members

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members know which other members are in the group at all times. If all Members
```

of the group and the Authentication Service are honest, no parties other than
the members of the current group can read and write messages protected by the
protocol for that Group.

Beware though, the link between the cryptographic

> identity of the client and the real identity of the End User is important.

Reviewer 2: I would actually just remove this sentence, which doesn't seem helpful.

Reviewer 3: I agree that it's not clear what the reader should do with this information. At the same time this is at the heart of proper e2e authentication in person-to-person messaging. Maybe something that would better fit in the authentication service section?

Reviewer: This is already in the AS section so I'll remove the sentence.

> Beware though, the link between the cryptographic
> identity of the client and the real identity of the End User is important.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Details about how to verify the identity of a client depend on the MLS
Credential type used. For example, cryptographic verification of credentials
can be largely performed autonomously on the clients for the `x509`
Credential type. In contrast, when MLS clients use the `basic` Credential type,
a larger degree of trust must be placed in a (likely) centralized
authentication resource, or on out-of-band processes such as manual verification.

> **RECOMMENDATION:**
> Select the strongest MLS Credential type available among the
> target members of an MLS group.

> While the Authentication Service is often very well protected from external
> attackers, it might be the case that this service is compromised. In such
> infrastructure, the AS could validate a (or generate a new) signature keypair for

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the AS is compromised, it could validate a (or generate a new) signature keypair for
```

> an identity which is not the expected one. Because a user can have many MLS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
an attacker. Because a user can have many MLS
```

clients running the MLS protocol, it possibly has many signature keypairs

> for multiple devices. Note that when a `basic` Credential is used, the

Reviewer 2: Is the point that this might be difficult to detect?

Reviewer: Doesn't look like it but I added a sentence for that particular remark.

> for multiple devices. Note that when a `basic` Credential is used, the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for multiple devices. These attacks could be very difficult to detect.

> **RECOMMENDATION:**
> Provide a key transparency mechanism for the Authentication Services to allow public
> verification of the credentials authenticated by this service.

Note that when a `basic` Credential is used, the
```

Authentication Service also needs an out-of-band mechanism to verify the
identity asserted in the Credential.

With some Authentication Service designs, a private or centralized authority
is trusted to validate signature keypairs used in the MLS protocol. This is

> typically the case in some of the biggest messaging infrastructures.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph just comes out of nowhere. What's the point?

> With some Authentication Service designs, a private or centralized authority
> is trusted to validate signature keypairs used in the MLS protocol. This is
> typically the case in some of the biggest messaging infrastructures.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
